Split up campaigns docs into getting started, how-tos, tutorials (#14612)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/user/campaigns/how-tos/creating_a_campaign.md

The following example campaign spec adds "Hello World" to all `README.md` files:

```yaml
name: hello-world
description: Add Hello World to READMEs

# Find all repositories that contain a README.md file.
on:
  - repositoriesMatchingQuery: file:README.md

# In each repository, run this command. Each repository's resulting diff is captured.
steps:
  - run: echo Hello World | tee -a $(find -name README.md)
    container: alpine:3

# Describe the changeset (e.g., GitHub pull request) you want for each repository.
changesetTemplate:
  title: Hello World
  body: My first campaign!
  branch: hello-world # Push the commit to this branch.
  commit:
    message: Append Hello World to all README.md files
  published: false
```

1. Get started by running the following [Sourcegraph CLI (`src`)](https://github.com/sourcegraph/src-cli) command:

    <pre><code>src campaign preview -f <em>YOUR_CAMPAIGN_SPEC.campaign.yaml</em> -namespace <em>USERNAME_OR_ORG</em></code></pre>

    > **Don't worry!** Before any branches are pushed or changesets (e.g., GitHub pull requests) are created, you will see a preview of all changes and can confirm each one before proceeding.

>     The `namespace` can be your Sourcegraph username or the name of a Sourcegraph organisation under which you want to create the camapign.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The `namespace` can be your Sourcegraph username or the name of a Sourcegraph organization under which you want to create the campaign.
```
